Let's take a look at a concrete implementation of K nearest neighbor classifier.
OK so first of all we are going to use a very very simple example.
So we will have two classes.
Blue class and race class as you can see and of course we have two features.
The x scored an x and y coordinates of a given point.
So every single point on these two dimensional plane can be identified by two parameters x and y.
OK so these are the values as you can see we have the x and y values.
The Y is the target of a valuable 0 or 1 0 for the Blue Claws.
And the one for the red class we just have to import Hitler neighbors import K nearest neighbor classifier
as you can see we just have to specify the number of neighbors.
So this is the key value we initialize it to be 3 at the beginning and we just have to call the classifier
that fit method as usual.
OK.
We are able to make new predictions.
The half of that classifier that predict when the X is 3 the y value is 5.
So this is the Green Dot what is going to be the output Clauss whether it is 0 or 1.
Let's run it.
And as you can see the solution is 1.
So according to the nearest neighbor classifier when dealing with this street nearest item in the data
set this green door belongs to the rat class.
OK let's change the x value when the X is equals to 1.
What does it mean that it is something here.
Of course it's going to be long the Blue Claws So it's going to be 0.
OK.
The X is great for example fire we are something here which means that these green dots will belong
to the Red Cross so let's run it as you can see the green dot belongs to the Ragavan.
So this is how easy it is to use K neighbors classifier.
There is one parameter the K value we have to define in advance.
But basically then we just have to feed the model.
What's very important this is what we have been talking about that basically we don't have a model at
all because this K neighbors classifier is lazy learner.
There is no model.
There are no parent yours to learn.
This algorithm is going to calculate the Euclidean distance between the green dot and every other dot
in the training data set.
And it is going to consider the screen nearest one in order to make the decision whether this green
door belongs to the blue class or belongs to the rat class.
So 0 or 1 accordingly we are going to talk about a more complex problem in the next lecture.
Thanks for watching.